Guided Hacking
Search…
Forums
What's new
Downloads
Tutorials
Guides
Anticheat
Info
danio0106
Main Downloads
 
Your downloads
 
Watched
GH Unreal Engine Dumper - UE4 Cheat Engine Plugin
GH Unreal Engine Dumper - UE4 Cheat Engine Plugin 6.0
Download
 AuthorPeaceBeUponYou  Creation dateNov 16, 2022  Tagsdumper ue4 unreal engine Featured
❗❕❗This is a one time notice, used to communicate important info to you. Keep your UI clean by dismissing it with the X button.
Extremely Important: Do NOT Makes Copies of Our Content
GH is a business that sells access to content, we cannot allow you to copy or distribute our intellectual property.
You are FORBIDDEN to make copies of, or distribute our content for ANY reason.
This is a paid website and all our content is copyrighted.
GuidedHacking® - The Game Hacking Bible® - © 2025 Guided Hacking LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Copying Content for Offline Use is Forbidden
You must consume our content directly on our website.
If a web page is important to you, just bookmark it.
Any attempt to make offline copies will be detected and you will be banned.

Copying Content for Note Taking Is Forbidden
You must write any notes in your own words.
You are forbidden to copy ANY of our content into any note taking app or other software.
Our content is watermarked and we can detect you pasting it into a note taking app.

Copying code and zip attachments for private use is 100% acceptable and allowed.
You are intended to download the code and use it when following our tutorials.
But, you do NOT have permission to distribute our code on Github, Discord, etc...

Making Game Hacking Tutorials or Courses?
If you use any of our content, we will sue you for copyright infringement.
You do not have permission to distribute, re-sell or monetize OUR content.
Make your own content, from scratch, without stealing ours.

Think this warning is insane?
So do I, but GH is under constant 24/7 attack by people trying to scrape. 4,000 of our paying customers have been banned for scraping and distributing our paid content. It's not our fault that this community is 99% scumbags, but we must be strict to protect our content creators.

If you make un-authorized copies of our content, you will be banned for copyright infringement.
Some of you who are stupid enough, will receive copyright lawsuits.
Posting was disabled on March 1st, 2022.

What does this mean?
Everything is the same, but you can't post.
Your paid account will still work and you will retain access to our content.
Only our paid content creators are able to post now.
In the future we will move to a wiki where we can better organize our educational content.
Guided Hacking as a public forum ended on March 1st, 2022.
Learn more
ALL TUTORIALS USE ASSAULT CUBE v1.2.0.2. DOWNLOAD THE CORRECT VERSION.
New: Make 20$ per referral: GH Referrals.
Forums
Downloads
GH - Official Tools
Overview Updates (9) Reviews (9) History Discussion
Watch
Bookmark
Hacking Unreal Engine games has never been easier with the Guided Hacking Unreal Engine Dumper. View every class that makes up a game along with its fields and methods, dump every live object, browse and modify fully named fields with the UE structure dissector, and even call methods with the dumper's API. All of this integrated seamlessly into Cheat Engine. You won't find a better Unreal Engine hacking experience anywhere.



Introduction to the GH Unreal Engine Dumper​
In this article you're going to learn what the GH Unreal Engine Dumper is capable of, and how to take advantage of all that it has to offer. First we're going to go over installation of both Cheat Engine and the UE dumper, then we're going to discuss each feature accessible from the interface. This is accompanied by labeled screenshots of the interface to help you find your way around.

1668550576111.png

We're going to touch on the major functions of the API and what you can use it for, and we're going to look some simple code snippets. The final information section should be used as a reference and contains information such as reading dumper output, troubleshooting, and tested games. Below is a quick summary of the available features for those who don't like to read.
Data Collector
Class Enumeration & Filtering
UFields Explorer w/ Symbol & Typing Information
UFunctions Explorer w/ Symbol, Owner, and Invocation Information
Object & Name Dumper
Export Information to Desktop
UE Structure Dissector
Traversal Struct Expansion, Syntax: struct.member
Bit specification in BoolProperty, Syntax: [bit_index]
Array Expansion, Syntax: ArrayName<InnerFieldName>[ArrayIndex]
Map Expansion, Syntax: MapName<keyClass,valueClass>[ArrayIndex]
API
Extensive Control of Engine State
Programmatic Enumeration of Engine Components
Method Invocation

Unreal Engine Dumper Installation​
To use the UE dumper you need to install Cheat Engine if you haven't already, it supports the latest version 7.4 at the time of writing. You can download it from the official site, fair warning it ships with adware if you don't explicitly decline (don't skip).

1668549375284.png
Installation of the UE dumper.​

After you've installed Cheat Engine you need to browse to the installation directory, by default <DRIVE>\Program Files\Cheat Engine 7.4. You can right click on a Start Menu or Desktop shortcut and press 'Open File Location'. Now open the 'autorun' folder. Download and extract the contents of the dumper to this directory.

UE Dumper Usage & Interface​

1668549380367.png
Main menu.​

Initializing the UE Dumper​
The first thing you'll see upon starting CE is that there's a new drop-down menu added to the title bar. If you open this menu you'll see three options. The first of which, 'Init Unreal Engine Tool', will inject the pipe server into the game you're attached to. This pipe server is responsible for communication between CE and the target process.

To retrieve class data the pipe server needs the Unreal Engine version number of the target, and has several automated checks to determine this. First it will check the base module of the target, followed by a scan through build information and the crash report binary. If these automated checks fail you'll need to manually enter the version number (without the '.' delimiter).

Using the Data Collector​
1668549397206.png
Unpopulated data collector form.​

To get started using the data collector you need to press the 'Scan Objects' button. This will retrieve all active instances from the game. It's important to note that this doesn't mean it will enumerate every class, only those which have active instances at the time of the scan. This is why you can set an automatic scan interval.

1668549404182.png
Initialized class list.​


Once the scan has finished you can press the 'Init Class List' button to populate the class list on the left side of the form. The search bar at the top can be used to filter the classes ('contains' based and case-insensitive). If you click on one of these classes the rest of the form will be populated.

1668549409008.png
1668549412250.png
Populated UFields & UFunctions tables.​

In the UFields table you can see every field of the method. In the first column you can see the offset from the class. In the second column you can see the name of the field, and in the third and final column you can see the type of the field.

In the UFunctions table you get a lot of information about each method of the class. In the first column you can see the name of the method. In the second column you can see the class which this method is derived (inherited from). In the third column you can see the method's return type and paramaters, this information is essential for invoking these methods with the API. In the fourth and final column we can see the address of the method.

Finally to retrieve a list of instances of a particular class, you need to have it selected in the class list and click the 'Load Obejects' button. In the drop-down you can copy the address of any resulting objects. This is essential for using the structure dissector.

UE Structure Dissector​
1668549419196.png
Object in dissector form.​

The UE structure dissector can be used to view and modify the fields of objects. To use this you must enable it in the main menu by clicking 'Enable Structure Dissect'. A pop-up window will appear asking if you'd like to also see inherited fields, which I always think is a good idea to enable. Open the 'Memory View' window and browse to Tools -> Dissect Data / Structures. Copy the address of an object into the input box at the top of the window, and browse to Structures -> Define New Structure. If the 'Structure Name' input hasn't been automatically filled you will need to input the name of the class.

You can leave the rest of the options as they are (you can always extend the size later), and press okay. Now you should be able to browse and the object's fields. You can now use everything else the vanilla structure dissector has to offer, such as object comparison, with extremely verbose engine objects.

UE Dumper API​
You can find the API documentation in your download. If you really want to fully utilize the UE dumper you need to read it. It's pretty short and concise, and it covers everything you need to get started. I am going to focus on method invocation as the API is the only way to accomplish this, but almost every aspect of the UE dumper can be automated.

Learn more in our Unreal Engine Dumper Lua API Documentation.

Unreal Engine Architecture​
Before trying to invoke any methods you need to understand one thing about Unreal Engine's architecture. The 'UObject' is the base class of the engine. Everything is a UObject, and so technically all methods can be invoked as UObjects.

However, 'actor' classes (descendants of 'AActor') can be more efficiently invoked as such. An 'actor' is described as anything which is physically present in the world including the player, enemies, weapons, environment, etc. Since most things we're interested in will be actors, this is an important distinction to make.

Invoking Methods​
There are four pieces of information you need to invoke a method. You need to know if your object is a descendant of 'AActor' or not. If it is we can use the function UE_InvokeActorEvent(), otherwise, we must use UE_InvokeObjectEvent(). Next, we need to have pointers (addresses in the data collector) to both our object and the method we want to invoke. Finally, we need to create an argument structure. The argument structure is a two-dimensional Lua table, in other words, a table of tables. Each nested label contains a type, size, and value key. Its contents are described visually in the documentation.

With all of this information, we can simply make a call to UE_InvokeObjectEvent(actor_pointer, method_pointer, args_structure). The invocation API methods will also return the return value of the called method in byte table form, meaning you'll need to manually process these bytes script-side to represent the returned type.

Example Workflow​
I've browsed the data collector, and found a player controller class with the method 'EnableCheats'. With the API I am going to retrieve the instances of the controller class with UE_GetAllObjectsOfClass(). I am going to iterate each instance's methods and filter them for the 'EnableCheats' method. Finally I'll invoke the method for each instance.

LUA:Copy
-- Get all player controllers.
local player_controller = UE_GetAllObjectsOfClass("OMDPlayerController")

-- Iterate the player controllers.
for c_index, controller in ipairs(player_controller) do
    local controller_object = controller.obj
    local object_functions = UE_GetFunctionsOfObject(controller_object, 1)

    -- Iterate methods of the player controllers.
    for f_index, f_pointer in ipairs(object_functions) do

        -- Filter for functions we want.
        if (f_pointer.name == "EnableCheats") then

           -- Invoke 'EnableCheats' function.
           local function_object = f_pointer.ufunction
           local args = {}
           UE_InvokeActorEvent(controller_object, function_object, args)
        end
    end
end

Misc Information​
The Unreal Engine dumper currently officially supports UE 4 versions 4.11-4.27. Other versions of UE 4 may work but are uncharted territory. The Unreal Engine dumper is under active development and version support will expand over time.

Dump File Formats​
Both dump file formats are composed of columns and rows, similar to a CSV file.

1668549425881.png
Objects dump output.​

The first column is the index at which the entry is located, the second contains the size of the entry in bytes. The third column contains the address where the entry is loaded, and the fourth and final column displays the full name of the entry.

1668549429489.png
Names dump output.​

The first column contains the entry's number relative to the dump file. The second column is the entry's internal index, and the final column displays the entry's name itself.

Troubleshooting​
Sometimes the UE dumper may disconnect from the pipe server, and you'll need to re-connect to it by unchecking the 'Init Unreal Engine Tool' and then checking it again.

Sometimes the Unreal Engine dumper may not automatically resolve the version number of the game, and you'll need to manually enter the version in a pop-up window. You need to enter the major and minor version numbers without a period delimiter. For example, the version 4.26 should be entered as 426.

Tutorials using the Unreal Dumper​
Learn all the cool stuff you can do with UE.
How to Use Cheat Manager in Unreal Engine 4 Games
How to Unlock Console in Any Unreal Engine 4 Game
How to Find Console Commands in Unreal Engine 4
Cheat Tables using GH Unreal Tool​
Learn how to use the scripting features of the tool to make cheat table features.
Destroy All Humans! 2 Reprobed Cheat Table & Dev Console
Supraland Cheat Engine Table - Dev Console, No Clip + more

Credits​
@PeaceBeUponYou is the developer of this amazing tool.
@Mewspaper is the author of this article and the video creator.
@Rake special thanks for helping me with some C++ advice.

Tested Unreal Engine 4 Games​
Name	UE Version	Status
Borderlands 3	4.20	✅
Breathedge	4.19	✅
Deep Rock Galactic	4.27	✅
Destroy All Humans!	4.22	✅
Destroy All Humans! 2	4.27	✅
Dreamscaper	4.25	✅
GigaBash	4.27	✅
Grounded	4.27	✅
Life is Strange Remastered	4.23	✅
Little Nightmares II	4.24	✅
Made in Abyss	4.25	✅
Maneater	4.25	✅
MechWarrior 5	4.26	✅
Minecraft Dungeons	4.22	✅
Orcs Must Die! 3	4.26	✅
Red Solstice 2 - Survivors	4.27	✅
Satisfactory	4.26	✅
Scathe	4.27	✅
State of Decay 2	4.13	✅
Stray	4.27	✅
Tribes of Midgard	4.27	✅
Tropico 6	4.20	✅
Way of the Hunter	4.27	✅

Related Unreal Engine Content​
Unreal Engine Architecture
Unreal Engine Hacking Megathread
Unreal Engine Easy Signatures
Unreal Engine Instance Logging
Unreal Engine Logging RPCs
Manually Resolve Unreal Engine Version
Android Unreal Engine Dumper
 Like
LikeLove Reactions:infam0us, Lxkas, Compeador and 35 others
Author
PeaceBeUponYou
Downloads
1,844
Views
72,307
First release
Nov 16, 2022
Last update
Oct 4, 2025
Rating
5.00 star(s)
8 ratings
Join the discussion
More information
More resources from PeaceBeUponYou
Jotunnslayer Hordes of Hel Cheat Engine Table
Jotunnslayer Hordes of Hel Cheat Engine Table
20+ Features | Console, Speed, Auto collection + more!
The Spirit of the Samurai Cheat Engine Table
The Spirit of the Samurai Cheat Engine Table
20+ Features | Give Any Item, Invincibility, Stats Management + more!
Deep Rock Galactic Cheat Engine Table
Deep Rock Galactic Cheat Engine Table
30+ Scripts: Fly, NoClip, FreeCam + much more!
Flotsam Cheat Engine Table
Flotsam Cheat Engine Table
20+ Features | Dev Menu, Agents and Building hacks
Dispatch Cheat Engine Table
Dispatch Cheat Engine Table
10+ Features | Cheat Menu, Hero Management, Timer and mission icons
Share this resource
Facebook
X (Twitter)
Reddit
WhatsApp
Link
Latest updates
Update 7 [v6.0] - C++ internal SDK Generator
Change Logs: Fixes: Several UE5 fixes Repetition issues in the decompiler Limited decompiler...
Update 6 [v5.0]
Change Logs: New: Added support for UE5.3 and UE5.4 Added Decompiled UScript Debugger. An...
Update 5 [v4.0.0]
Change logs: Official UE5 Support (5.00,5.01,5.02 and 5.03beta) Decompiler fixes Fixes...
Read more…
Latest reviews
Rake
Rake 5.00 star(s) Mar 5, 2025 Version: 5.0
Everyday dozens of people try to hack our website to steal the GH Unreal Engine Dumper. This is a testament to the value of this unique and impressive tool.
TrickShot1337
TrickShot1337 5.00 star(s) Mar 2, 2025 Version: 5.0
probably the coolest thing GH has ever made
CheatScript
CheatScript 5.00 star(s) Jan 24, 2025 Version: 5.0
The new updates are insane, decompiler, uscript debugger and more? Easily the coolest game hacking tool out there
BillyBeans
BillyBeans 5.00 star(s) Jan 3, 2025 Version: 4.0.0
This unreal engine dumper is awesome! It can even decompiler the game's code.
Sightem
Sightem 5.00 star(s) Dec 30, 2024 Version: 4.0.0
unfathomably cool tool, thanks for sharing
Read more…
Similar resources
Unreal Finder Tool - Unreal SDK Generator - GObject GNames FinderCorrM
Unreal Finder Tool - Unreal SDK Generator - GObject GNames Finder 3.1.0
CorrM Jun 27, 2019 Hacking Tools
Dump Unreal Engine 4 SDK and find GObject easily
5.00 star(s)
3 ratings
Downloads
763
Updated
Jun 27, 2019
Rake
Unreal Tournament 1999 Cheat Table 1.0
Rake Oct 14, 2019 Cheat Engine Tables
Best game ever made
0.00 star(s)
0 ratings
Downloads
17
Updated
Oct 14, 2019
10 Minutes Till Dawn Cheat Engine Table - Infinite Points
10 Minutes Till Dawn Cheat Engine Table - Infinite Points 1.0
GreenHouse! May 24, 2022 Cheat Engine Tables
Multiple cheats for 10 Minutes Till Dawn
0.00 star(s)
0 ratings
Downloads
5
Updated
May 24, 2022
112 Operator - Pandemic Outbreak Cheat Engine Table!CheatScript
112 Operator - Pandemic Outbreak Cheat Engine Table! v0.210429.72w-cb
CheatScript Jun 18, 2022 Cheat Engine Tables
Cheat Table for 112 Operator - Pandemic Outbreak!
0.00 star(s)
0 ratings
Downloads
2
Updated
Jun 18, 2022
Forums
Downloads
GH - Official Tools
New Video:
ImGui Cheat Engine Plugin
Guided Hacking would like your permission to enable push notifications.
Contact us
Terms and rules
Privacy policy
GuidedHacking® - The Game Hacking Bible® - © 2025 Guided Hacking LLC. All Rights Reserved.
